so today we'll be doing a quick unboxing
of the Microsoft Sidewinder x6 keyboard
this is a powerful programmable gaming
keyboard so the first question we should
be asking is what makes this a gaming
keyboard and the answer as far as I can
tell is the art on the front of the box
you can see we have a caveman with a
spear
if that's not gaming I don't know what
is and then we have an arrow being shot
by a guy and then we have a rhinoceros
wielding an enormous sword is what I can
as far as I can tell that's what this is
and I wish I had a game with a
rhinoceros and a sword because that
would be the coolest game ever okay so
why don't we get into the actual
features here first of all you got a
switchable keypad and I'm gonna get the
cameraman to come look at these every
time I talk about them switchable keypad
means that you can move the number pad
from either side of the keyboard
depending on whether you want to use
this with your left or your right hand
it just clips in okay then you have mode
switching you can manually change the
mode of the keyboard and I believe that
somewhere around here yep from either
typing mode to one of two gaming modes
okay then you've got macro keys which
are located over here you can program up
to 90 macros to these keys then the next
thing you've got is cruise control and
this is kind of a cool feature you can
use cruise control to continue in action
without having to hold down the key or
keys assigned to the action so that
means if you have a game that doesn't
allow you to toggle crouch for example
you could use cruise control in theory
to keep crouching even when you're not
pressing that key so it would be like a
toggle switch okay then you have in game
macro record which is neat if you have
to record macros in game then you have
WASD gaming cheese which is great
because without those keys I couldn't
type a wasted on this keyboard just
kidding okay what you actually have is
little lights on your WASD keys which
will allow you to find them in the dark
then you have a quick launch key okay
for the Microsoft Games Explorer yeah
cuz everyone uses that and then you have
a two color adjustable backlight dial
which is here so you can change the dial
to more brightness or less more
brightness and then you have media keys
which are here and then you have a
volume control dial okay
okay let's go
this keyboard open and break the seal
right here so we actually recently
unboxed the x8 gaming mouse which I
guess would be the mouse to go with the
x6 gaming keyboard the cameraman liked
it he said the the tracking was
excellent but the overall feel of it
wasn't wasn't as look wasn't as good as
he would have liked and he went back to
his g5 so take that for what you will I
didn't actually try the x8 so I can't
really speak about it one way or the
other okay inside here we will find the
Sidewinder x6 keyboard manual so this
tells you how to use everything how to
plug a USB port and make sure you study
this picture carefully before you buy
this keyboard USB goes in excellent then
you have a driver CD never use a driver
CD always download the latest drivers
off the manufacturer website and the
Microsoft product guides they tell you
about all the other stuff you could buy
from Microsoft I guess actually this
doesn't seem to have anything useful in
it okay
then you have the number pad so this is
a little standalone number pad but you
can't actually use unless you have an X
6 keyboard so there's your interface
here and there's your interface on the
other side so we'll show you how that
works in a minute but if you feel
alright we're not the best but they're
not the worst oh they have a calculator
but that is the smartest place I've ever
seen for a calculator quick launch that
is exactly where it should be on every
keyboard in the world because if you're
actually using calculator with the mouse
then you either don't do many
calculations or you really don't care if
they take so let's put okay here we go
actually I should show you how this
works so you just plug the little
interface in right there now that's
actually really easy and then to pick it
off you just do that and then you can
plug it in to the other
oh it's magnetic oh that's cool check
this out I can like slide it in wow
that's really neat okay anyway I'm done
playing with that now so the general
layout of the keyboard is fairly
standard which is always good for a
gaming keyboard you never want to see
something like a shortened shift key or
you know an extra key down here or a
shortened backspace key I personally
like to see a very standard layout the
keys don't have much travel which can
also be quite useful for gaming because
that means you're not pressing down
a quarter of an inch just to get key
register to register okay you find all
of the macro keys the one is this one
the continuous action key this is to
record a new macro this is to switch the
mode here are all your media keys this
adjusts your keyboard brightness here is
your volume control knob here is your
glossy finish to the keyboard soon will
be like the obligatory shiny look how
shiny it is shot so there you can see my
finger and that pretty much covers
everything I wanted to talk about in
terms of the Microsoft Sidewinder x6 so
thank you for check oh I don't know what
this does cameraman wants me to say what
that does but I don't remember so thank
you for checking out my unboxing of the
Microsoft xx gaming keyboard